Update part-5-ui-and-react.md (#4574)
reduxjs/redux: docs/tutorials/fundamentals/part-5-ui-and-react.md

ReactDOM.render(
  // highlight-start
  // Render a `<Provider>` around the entire `<App>`,

>   // and pass the Redux store too as a prop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // and pass the Redux store to it as a prop
```
